Customer: TB-RPG
Team: Random Cocktail Generator
Week: Moday September 26th to Sunday October 3rd


State of the Project: 
The RCG project continues to come along nicely. 

Their team still continues to communicate with each other well. They even meet outside of class to pair program, which is always a healthy sign.


Was I shown a working prototype? 
yes

How well did the project follow my priorities in the previous week?
Pretty well. However, for the backend they did not put smoothies in the mixer tables or flesh out the mixer table columns. That said, they wrote code to scrape a lot of information from websites into that table. So they still put in good effort. Danny didn't do much to simplify the code, however he did put in a lot of work on coding the front-end. The designers came up with a lot of sci-f theming terms, characters, places, suffixes, prefixes, etc. 


Priorities for next week
Cross polinate – Right now there are 2.5 developers. I want to see 3 software developers. The RCG agrees with this statement as they plan to bring the .5 developer into the fold with pair programming.

Come up with algorithm for how the names will be smashed together. I want the exact psudo-code. There should be at least three types of kinds of entities that can put into the name - "part of name" of an ingredient (e.g. "Lemon could be Lemo-, and Margarita could be -ita or Margar-", "flavor and or descriptour" of an ingrediant, "scifi sounding names". it must have at least one scifi part. Each part of name needs to have a notion of whether it's one word, or can be combined as a word, and if combined on what side(s) it merges on. Names shouldn't ever be too long. Names should be pronounceable - so there should be psudocode to make sure you don't get things like krplt. You can assume that the name parts are pronounceable, so the issue will be asking "will putting this name part with that name part still be pronouncable." at the very least, break it down by what vowels go together, and some notion of not having too many consanets in a row, except perhaps in certain common cases. 

Put smoothies in the mixer list table

Flesh out columns for mixer list table (color, naming stuff, theming stuff, etc)

Keep designing the interface.
